Added Proxyflare for Pages to community plugins list (#7330)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/platform/functions/plugins/community-plugins.md

  Given a folder of assets in multiple formats, this Plugin will automatically negotiate with a client to serve an optimized version of a requested asset.

- [proxyflare-for-pages](https://github.com/flaregun-net/proxyflare-for-pages)

>   Move traffic around your Cloudflare Pages domain _with ease_. Proxyflare is a reverse-proxy featuring: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Move traffic around your Cloudflare Pages domain with ease. Proxyflare is a reverse-proxy that enables you to:
```

>     - Port forward, redirect, and reroute HTTP and websocket traffic anywhere on the internet
>     - Mount an entire website on a subpath (e.g. mysite.com/docs) on your apex domain
>     - Serve static text (e.g. robots.txt and other structured metadata) from any endpoint
>     - and much more
> 
>   Learn more at [https://proxyflare.works](https://proxyflare.works)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Port forward, redirect, and reroute HTTP and websocket traffic anywhere on the Internet.
    - Mount an entire website on a subpath (for example, `mysite.com/docs`) on your apex domain.
    - Serve static text (like `robots.txt` and other structured metadata) from any endpoint.

 Refer to [Proxyflare](https://proxyflare.works) for more information.
```
